[Applause]
haven't seen you in a long time someone
said backstage it's been like four years
since you're on the show I think I've
seen you since them personally yeah yeah
I went to college I went I went back to
oh you did do you stop that was your
girl oh you are everything's good by the
way I'm so interested in this I'm
curious to ask you about it because
typically with award shows yeah they
will wait until maybe like a couple of
months before the show and then we'll
announce who's gonna host the show but
like it seemed like the Golden Globes
they were barely finished clapping and
they said next year Tina and Amy are
gonna host the show
build the pressure may I know gives you
too long to think it into or just a
diamond it's an it's a year away yeah a
full year away pull your way and so in
about eleven and a half months we're
gonna start thinking about it you really
can't start thinking about it too soon
can you nobody's made the movies yet do
you yes it is hard to make fun of things
that don't exist you again are you the
kind of person who says yes to something
and then regrets it the whole time
leading up to that thing you've done
this many times where I'm like alright
let's do it and then I'm dried read it
read it and I want to die I want to go
to sleep yeah I get really tired and I'm
like maybe I should go to sleep instead
of host this um you give me enough
advance notice I will agree to literally
anything you'd be like hey we're gonna
chop your finger off in like 20 24 I
mean yeah ok when 24 no problem we'll
get to it then yeah and then when it
comes around you start to dread it
you're like I like my fingers you like
these our fingers have served me very
well did you watch the Oscars on I did I
loved parasites so I thought bongs win
was really awesome you're excited yeah I
like award shows I think like you that
are kind of a little surprising because
I really remember growing up in the 70s
and 80s with award shows that were
really shaggy yeah it was different back
then
yeah like the stars would just drive to
the event yes and they just show up in
jeans and they'd be like smoking and
then they'd hear their name and just go
up there yeah they put it out yeah right
now they're vaping instead of smoking I
fear I'm very nostalgic about the 70s
and 80s me too I am and I wonder if
there is great as I remember what are
you like what do you think about when
you think about the 70s and 80s well I
just think it was a better time like no
seatbelts your parents didn't watch him
like nobody babysat you you could just
walk to the mall and your neighbor would
flash you and it wasn't a big deal
good time did you have a neighbor a
flasher neighbor
we had one yeah we grew up across the
street from each other yeah you did yeah
how were you the flasher no no but we
did there's always one weird house
mm-hmm yeah at least one weird and if
there isn't one on your street then then
you're the house you're probably right
that's a good way of looking at it yeah
yeah that was a was definitely I wonder
if it's what we're experiencing right
now that makes us long for those days or
if it if they really were better I feel
like they were I just feel like people
wore jeans out more to events yeah you
know I know it's all about dress code
really it is yeah what kind of kid were
you like what kind of teenager were you
well I was kind of I was a little I
wasn't I wish I could say I was cool and
rebellious I was not I was kind of I had
a nice group of friends and we you know
we stuck to the rules but we did like
drink in the woods yeah you know like so
like that yep but I was I was I was
petulant I was a petulant kid and I
remember there was a rule in my house at
my dad would I'd go to the mall all the
time that was what I did
mm-hmm and my dad had would pick me up
from the mall but he had to stay in the
car
like he wasn't allowed to come into it
he wasn't allowed in the mall he was too
embarrassed at one time he came into the
mall and I just screamed at him like
what are you doing in the mall Experion
up and ran and got home and I ran
upstairs my mom is like it sounds like
your dad may have been getting the worst
of it though yeah so therefore life was
easy
except for your dad in which case it was
a hell he couldn't even get a hot dog on
a stick
we're gonna take a break and uh we're
gonna talk about teenage years okay show
the premieres on Sunday night is called
Duncanville Amy Poehler is here oh ah I
can't wait to drive by the time I'm done
riding my bike to protest I am too tired
to March
dial it down dude I got this who knows
maybe someday you'll be able to give me
a ride somewhere I'll come and ask for
your daughter's hand in marriage but
sounds was why he was going to say yes I
couldn't take that chance
you're so cool fill me up with pledge
explain what the show the idea behind
this ok so it's about a 15 year old boy
named Duncan and his family that
surrounds him his friends and how he
thinks everything's really lame and
boring and he can't wait till he has his
license and freedom mm-hmm and I play
Duncan the voice of Duncan and his mom
Annie who's kind of this she's in
parking enforcement and she likes rules
and she likes to make Duncan get her a
chair so she can climb on it and yell at
him faced it like how do you settle on
how you're going to approach the voice
of a teenage boy well you have to take
all the words you usually say and just
reduce it to like two words it's
probably a good idea for anyone really
it's like the opposite of characters I
usually play which is like the engine
that gets everybody pumped mm-hm this
character thinks everybody's really lame
and he's really smart and and um you
know that his town is so boring stuff so
there's a lot of like like you know just
like super stressed out did you study
teenage boys did I went to the mall went
to the mall and I did I watched
teenagers and it's really funny to watch
it I mean you have to be careful when
you watch teenagers from behind behind a
pole because yeah first you get you can
get asked to leave but what I love about
teenagers that that age is they have
like no freedom they feel really
confined like they think that they're
smarter than everyone else but they
don't know what they're doing and when
you're around them they look like
goofballs and they're pushing each other
and just being like Adam's apples
everywhere
but they can say stuff that devastates
you like you could just walk past them
they could be like you know like look at
your shoes you know and you're like
what's wrong with my shoes I said you go
home and you want to just yeah because I
think they'd spoken on on behalf of
their whole generation yeah yeah and the
mom character that base on a person it's
kind of loosely based on my mom she has
kind of a Boston accent the character
does my mom has a possum yes yes um and
my mother is not a Yeller but she is
very you know she gets a little stressed
sometimes about like she still yells be
careful when I leave the house and I'm
you know 48 yeah well sure you have to
be careful do you feel like you are ever
more careful as a result of your mother
reminding you to be no no but isn't it
weird that no matter your age when
you're home with your parents you just
get back into that groove like I I do
turn into a teenager when I'm with my
parents I'm like oh my god like I'm just
so annoyed with them you clean up after
yourself when your parents make dinner
at your house that's a great question I
do I do I did not when I was a teenager
now I do a show you don't completely
revert back to teenagehood yeah you're
right cuz teenagehood I was feet up on
the couch just being like are you are
you making anybody sandwiches right now
where'd you get up though would you make
me one if you are up though
are you are you still celebrating
galentine's day the holidays
in fact I am having dinner after the
show with rashida Jones and Aubrey Plaza
and Catherine hi Wow those either don't
know it's it's an alternative to
Valentine's Day created by the writers
of Parks and Rec Leslie Knope would get
all of her gals together and shower them
with weird gifts oh there are gifts
involved I don't think there has to be
but Leslie Knope did I said but yeah but
it's kind of caught on as like a fun
fake holiday just like Valentine's Day
which is also a fake it is yes it sounds
more fun than Valentine's Day actually
and there's no male version of this rule
I guess football would be the yeah pale
version of this I feel like man are so
sensitive now you could have your own
galentine's Day version of it you could
all get together and just I have a
better idea not we will just call it
galentine's day maybe we'll drink a
gallon or something i gallon of
something yeah we'll just spell it a
little bit differently well your show is
very funny I can't wait to see it uh
it's it's on Fox it's called Duncanville
and premieres Sunday night at 8:30 Amy
Poehler everybody I am Jimmy Kimmel
click below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel or if you want to be that way
about it don't